Add SEP-5 tests for Shamir, more documentation and examples (#1015)
StellarCN/py-stellar-base: docs/en/generate_keypair.rst

   keypair = Keypair.from_shamir_mnemonic_phrases(mnemonic_phrases[:2])  # any combinations
   print(f"Public Key: {keypair.public_key}")
   print(f"Secret Seed: {keypair.secret}")

> If you want to convert an existing mnemonic phrase to Shamir, you need to get

Reviewer: 👍 Nice

> the corresponding BIP-39 seed. You can use these lower level functions:

Author: ```suggestion
the corresponding entropy. You can use these lower level functions:
```

.. code-block:: python
   :linenos:

   import shamir_mnemonic
   from stellar_sdk.sep.mnemonic import StellarMnemonic

>    seed_raw = StellarMnemonic("english").to_bip39_seed(mnemonic=mnemonic, passphrase=passphrase)

Author: ```suggestion
   seed_raw = StellarMnemonic("english").to_entropy(mnemonic)
```
